README.md, before:

# nginx_demos

## Requirements

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Nullam elit turpis, varius et arcu elementum, viverra rhoncus sem. Aliquam nec sodales magna, et egestas enim. Mauris lobortis ultrices euismod. Pellentesque in arcu lacus. Mauris cursus laoreet nulla, ac vehicula est. Vestibulum eu mauris quis lorem consectetur aliquam ac nec quam. Vestibulum commodo pharetra mi, at bibendum neque faucibus ut. Mauris et tortor sed sem consectetur eleifend ut non magna. Praesent feugiat placerat nibh, varius viverra orci bibendum sed. Vestibulum dapibus ex ut pulvinar facilisis. Quisque sodales enim et augue tempor mattis. Suspendisse finibus congue felis, ac blandit ligula. Praesent condimentum ultrices odio quis semper. Nunc ultrices, nibh quis mattis pellentesque, elit nulla bibendum felis, quis dapibus erat turpis ac urna.

## Getting Started

Duis sit amet sapien vel velit ornare vulputate. Nulla rutrum euismod risus ac efficitur. Curabitur in sagittis elit, a semper leo. Suspendisse malesuada aliquam velit, eu suscipit lorem vehicula at. Proin turpis lacus, semper in placerat in, accumsan non ipsum. Cras euismod, elit eget pretium laoreet, tortor nulla finibus tortor, nec hendrerit elit turpis ut eros. Quisque congue nisi id mauris molestie, eu condimentum dolor rutrum. Nullam eleifend elit ac lobortis tristique. Pellentesque nec tellus non mauris aliquet commodo a eu elit. Ut at feugiat metus, at tristique mauris. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia curae;

## How to Use

Maecenas at vehicula justo. Suspendisse posuere elementum elit vel posuere. Etiam quis pulvinar massa. Integer tempor semper risus, vitae maximus eros ullamcorper vitae. In egestas, ex vitae gravida sodales, ipsum dolor varius est, et cursus lorem dui a mi. Morbi faucibus ut nisi id faucibus. Sed quis ullamcorper ex. In et dolor id nunc interdum suscipit.

## Contributing

Please see the [contributing guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on how to best contribute to this project.

## License

[Apache License, Version 2.0](/LICENSE)

&copy; [F5, Inc.](https://www.f5.com/) 2025

Commit message:

feat: Add NGINX API gateway demo
* As well as do some minor editing on the other demos

README.md, after:

[![Project Status: Concept – Minimal or no implementation has been done yet, or the repository is only intended to be a limited example, demo, or proof-of-concept.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/concept.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#concept)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/nginx/nginx-demos/badge)](https://securityscorecards.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/nginx/nginx-demos)
[![Community Support](https://badgen.net/badge/support/community/cyan?icon=awesome)](/SUPPORT.md)
[![Community Forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/community-forum-009639?logo=discourse&link=https%3A%2F%2Fcommunity.nginx.org)](https://community.nginx.org)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

# NGINX Demos

This repository contains a collection of curated and updated NGINX demos covering NGINX offerings.

## Repository Structure

The demos are divided by NGINX product offering into unique distinct folders. Each folder then contains one or more demos covering various use cases within the respective product offering.

Each demo might have unique deployment requirements. Please refer to each individual README for more details.

## Available Demos

|Title|Description|
|-----|-----------|
|NGINX API gateway|Configure NGINX as an API gateway|
|NGINX Gateway Fabric|Simple overview of configuring NGINX Gateway Fabric to route traffic within Kubernetes|
|NGINX Ingress Controller|Simple overview of deploying and configuring NGINX Ingress Controller|
|NGINX One|Simple overview of NGINX One and its capabilities|

## Contributing

Please see the [contributing guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on how to best contribute to this project.

## License

[Apache License, Version 2.0](/LICENSE)

&copy; [F5, Inc.](https://www.f5.com/) 2025
